docs/notes.md, before:

On client side we don't want to support multiple users. One user should be enough.
NO WAY two guys would use one phone. And it's stupid to have multiple accounts for this kind of app.

BUT once user synchronized with one account and would like to synchronize with another we should
WARN him that he is using another account!!! but it shouldn't be harmful anyway


#Sync process:

###Server Side:
- client gets all updates after particular timestamp t_1
- client merges everything
- client sends his updates (should have timestamp later than t_1)
- server merges received updates
(later update always wins)

###Client Side:
- get timestamp of latest synchronization t_1
- create timestamp t_0
- get everything from the server after or equal t_1
- get everything from device after t_1
- merge, if device update later, pick that update and assign timestamp to t_0
(we want to extract and change in the same transaction)
- pick up everything after or at t_0 and send to the server
- assign last update to t_0

###Notes:
* To not miss client's stuff because of t_0 timestamp
client may decide to keep around flag if translation was updated or not
and pick up stuff that was not updated
* Client and Server sync process should be considered separately
and as much as possible independently
* For synchronization we will keep both: version and timestamp.
It eases out the whole process and may be helpful in the future.

android predefined text sizes:


android:textAppearance="?android:attr/textAppearanceLarge"
android:textAppearance="?android:attr/textAppearanceMedium"
android:textAppearance="?android:attr/textAppearanceSmall"

fly is our dependency

never forget to call execute() with endpoints on client side
and now() on backend side

###some stuff from MainActivity layout
android:paddingLeft="@dimen/activity_horizontal_margin"
android:paddingRight="@dimen/activity_horizontal_margin"
android:paddingTop="@dimen/activity_vertical_margin"
android:paddingBottom="@dimen/activity_vertical_margin"

if you ask datastore for ids that are not there, it would return nothing

Commit message:

finish backend/android/web work

docs/notes.md, after:

On client side we don't want to support multiple users. One user should be enough.
NO WAY two guys would use one phone. And it's stupid to have multiple accounts for this kind of app.

BUT once user synchronized with one account and would like to synchronize with another we should
WARN him that he is using another account!!! but it shouldn't be harmful anyway


# Sync translation process:

### Server Side:
- client gets all updates after particular timestamp t_1
- client merges everything
- client sends his updates (should have timestamp later than t_1)
- server merges received updates
(later update always wins)

### Client Side:
- get timestamp of latest synchronization t_1
- create timestamp t_0
- get everything from the server after or equal t_1
- get everything from device after t_1
- merge, if device update later, pick that update and assign timestamp to t_0
(we want to extract and change in the same transaction)
- pick up everything after or at t_0 and send to the server
- assign last update to t_0

### Notes:
* To not miss client's stuff because of t_0 timestamp
client may decide to keep around flag if translation was updated or not
and pick up stuff that was not updated
* Client and Server sync process should be considered separately
and as much as possible independently
* For synchronization we will keep both: version and timestamp.
It eases out the whole process and may be helpful in the future.


# General sync process
- check if update object present and special flag on
    - if flag not on - remove update object and
- in transaction
    - get update object
    - put update object to local storage
    - extract update object from db
    - seal update object with special flag
-





android predefined text sizes:


android:textAppearance="?android:attr/textAppearanceLarge"
android:textAppearance="?android:attr/textAppearanceMedium"
android:textAppearance="?android:attr/textAppearanceSmall"

fly is our dependency

never forget to call execute() with endpoints on client side
and now() on backend side

###some stuff from MainActivity layout
android:paddingLeft="@dimen/activity_horizontal_margin"
android:paddingRight="@dimen/activity_horizontal_margin"
android:paddingTop="@dimen/activity_vertical_margin"
android:paddingBottom="@dimen/activity_vertical_margin"

if you ask datastore for ids that are not there, it would return nothing

about backend:
if a single API is particularly complex you can use multiple API classes.
with same name and version strings for annotations.
